Hello, my name is Luna.
Long time no see.
Did you miss me?
Thank you for your concern.
What about during my absence?
I went to a magical and beautiful place
embarked on a journey of finding myself, body and mind
This video is cut
Very good. Very good.
As expected of a big Internet celebrity, so professional
Thank you Fei Ge
I'll give you the phone later.
There will be no more restrictions.
Fourth Young Master
Come in and knock first
How many times have I told you?
Miss Shiduna, the account he logged in to is online.
Look
Hello, my name is Luna.
Long time no see.
Did you miss me?
Do you see that Miss Luna is not alive and kicking?
It's great that he's alive.
Help me pay the plane back
I'll be right there